# MVCScavenger
The website that I chose was askfred.net. For reference, here is the url to the site http://askfred.net/. MVC would help to make the user experience of the website much better. As it stands, the website is not responsive so if you are trying to view it on anything but a computer screen it is impossible to read the text. This is where the view part of MVC would help to improve the site. The view could set up something other than tables to organize the information about upcoming tournaments and CSS/Bootstrap could help to make it responsive and look less like an early edition of a website.

The model portion of MVC would also be useful in organizing information about upcoming tournaments, results, and fencer information. It currently appears that the information is not stored in a general database, but just on the website where anyone could access it. It also means that there is a lot more information visible to the viewer than is absolutely necessary. Haveing models created for tournaments and fencer profiles would help to provide an extra layer of data security, as well as to keep the amount of information from becoming overwhelming. Having all of the data in a general database could also help to eliminate the need for seperate websites for local and national/international level tournaments.

The controller portion of MVC could help tie the improvements to the model and the view together. The controller could help to ensure that the information in the model is not all displayed on the screen all the time, and could help to add an extra layer of authentication to ensure that whoever is accessing the model is suppossed to be accessing the model. The controller could also help to update infromation in the model for tournaments or fencer information in a much more easy to use manner. The controller would also help to implement the newly updated responsiveness of the website so that it can tell what size screen it is being viewed on.
